Ellis, are you pregnant?
I'm sorry. I'll resign immediately.
I didn't know you had a partner.
I don't. It was a mistake.
But I already decided to terminate the pregnancy, so...
What? No, no. You can't do that.
Don't ask me about this.
It's my own personal matter.
Look, just... keep the baby.
I'll take care of it.
I know that sounds ridiculous, okay?
But I'm not just gonna...
Stand by and let you go through this alone.
I know it's not mine.
Okay, I get it. I understand, Ellis.
But that doesn't matter.
I care about you.
I wanna marry you.
I wanna take care of this child together.
Your father would never approve his son.
Oh, don't worry about him.
Okay, I'll convince my father.
He'll be happy to have a firstborn grandson.
It's not even your kid.
No, I get it's not.
But, you know, you asked me if you had a place in my family.
Here it is. Let me take care of you both.
I'll approve it to you.